we have had all sorts of bizarro
keyboards through the lab lately from
super economic to super ergo no thank
you but the one thing that all of them
have in common is they're just not that
cool to be fair the Kinesis freestyle
edge isn't uncool it just lacks the wow
factor of the more flashy mainstream
keyboard options that are out there so
then introducing the latest iteration of
the infamous Peugeot Doc's
easy keyboard a no compromises
ergonomic keyboard that actually looks
as good as it feels and for the first
time ever now comes with user
replaceable key switches today's video
is brought to you by ZOTAC ZOTAC ZBOX
pcs are compact and they have different
variants that are great for applications
like streaming and gaming check them out
at the link below
[Music]
looking at it beer godox easy is kind of
like a mashup of two boards from rival
Orgel board maker Kinesis it's a split
keyboard like the freestyle edge but it
has thumb clusters and ortho linear keys
like the advantage - it's a small 76
keyboard which lands it somewhere
between a 60% and a 10 keyless so
there's no function row but it does have
navigation keys wherever you decide to
put them now since ergo dock started out
as an open-source build your own board
company customizability is in the easies
DNA they include F and J key caps that
don't have tactile guides in case you
plan on rearranging the letters in a
Dvorak or colemak configuration and even
if you order your board with a legend on
the key caps which you're not even
required to do some keys are still left
on mark so as to not be confusing
after you customize your layout and
customize you will because the default
layout is pretty different for example
the backspace is now more easily
accessible over here beside the a key
while the apostrophe is way down here
under the Z that is too far for me I'm
very possessive of my apostrophe key now
for his part James our writer actually
went through nine iterations before
landing on the perfect layout that
sounds like a lot of work but that high
number actually just goes to show how
easy it is to tweak the configuration
just use the online configurator tool
and flash the firmware to save it right
on to the board and while you're at it
you don't have a ton of keys on this
thing so you'll probably want to take
advantage of at least a couple of the 32
available layers which you can switch
between in some pretty cool ways like
switching only as long as you hold a
particular key down or switching layers
but only for a single key press kind of
like how shift works on your phone all
this customization does mean that
yes this board can take some time to get
used to especially if you're not used to
ortho linear or non staggered keys which
I guess then brings us into economics
the split board lets you tilt each key
module to keep your wrists from bending
outward so that's good but if you want
to cut out wrist extension you'll need
the nice and solid but sold separately
silicon fuzz collect I'm sorry excuse me
our wrist rests and same goes for
battling pronation you'll actually need
the ted kit for another 30 bucks extra
it's not cheap but the legs are metal
making them nice and durable the cute
little dipped feet are available in
white or black to match the color of
your board once it's installed you can
tilt each individual leg through
ratcheted steps or using the included
washers step lessly it takes longer to
set up than Kinesis is also sold
separately lift kit but the end result
is more versatile and feels more quality
in fact overall build quality has a lot
to do with the easies cool factor it
doesn't look like it was made in the 90s
like many other organ ama keyboards and
that beauty is more than skin deep the
key caps for example are made by
signature plastics the printed set is
double shot injected ABS plastic with a
lower profile than most key caps and a
rough and surface finish on the top so
they don't get that gross shiny look as
they wear out and the unprinted set is
PBT with a special bonus as well since
there's no reason to move them around
their sculpted meaning that each row has
a differently shaped key cap for
improved ergonomics then underneath the
key caps it gets real because you'll
find one of 12 different switch types
available right out of the box wait I'm
sorry did I say one of Believe It or Not
our board right here actually has five
difference which types plugged into it
right now
the easy makes swapping them out well
easy just use the included dual polish
tool to swap out some Cherry MX browns
for Red's on the WASD keys
maybe some blacks on the keys you don't
want to strike accidentally like cue and
overwatch maybe some super crunchy kale
thick gold for the number keys I mean
the hell yeah why not let's throw let's
throw some cherry MX whites in here for
I don't know these keys in the future
you'll even be able to order small
numbers of extra switches directly from
ergo docks but for now their ordering
system only allows you to buy a complete
set which I guess brings us nicely to
our gripes it wasn't easy to docks these
marks
but I have to talk about the cable I
appreciate that these are detachable and
therefore replaceable in theory but they
stand out as the least premium aspect of
the entire package not only are they not
braided they've got like printing on
them like they just went to a store and
bought them next up is the lighting be
underglow pretty freakin sweet it does
contribute to the coolness factor
there's lots of options for colors
patterns and brightness but is this as
good as backlit keys maybe that's a
matter of opinion but I do hope to see
that on a future version of the board as
for the bottom line whether to buy that
depends on what you're willing to spend
just the board by itself without even
switches is 225 US dollars a basic
configuration then is 270 and if you add
all the bells and whistles which to
achieve proper ergonomic status we'd
recommend you're sitting at three
hundred and fifty five dollars as for
any bonus key switches you want to throw
in well that's gonna cost you - so is it
a lot for a mechanical keyboard yes is
it a lot for a programmable mechanical
keyboard
yep is it a lot for a programmable
mechanical keyboard with RGB lighting it
sure is but is it a lot for an ergonomic
keyboard actually no so if you're
looking for a board that's as functional
as it is eye-catching then the erga
docks easy might be worth making the
switch speaking of making the switch if
you're hosting your website on a less
versatile
less reliable platform or if you don't
have one at all why don't you sign up
for Squarespace
Squarespace makes it easy they've got
beautiful templates all of which feature
responsive design so your site will look
great on any device and they've got 24/7
support via a live chat and email to
make it simple for you to get set up
cover pages is a feature that actually
allows you to set up a beautiful
one-page online presence in just minutes
and they've got tons of other great
features as well including the ability
to publish content in Apple news format
directly from the Squarespace blog
module so start a trial with no credit
card required and start building your
website today then when you sign up for
Squarespace head over to Squarespace
calm /l tt will have that linked below
and use offer code LTT to get 10% off
your first purchase so thanks for
watching guys if this video sucked you
know what to do but if it was awesome
get subscribed hit that like button or
check out the link to where to buy the
stuff we featured in the video
description also linked down there's our
merch store which has cool shirts like
this one and our community forum which
you should totally join